Until you teamed up with Lin Zhenting
Put me in a mental sanatorium with our own hands
younger sister
I don't have amnesia.
What am I pretending to be?
So you are taking revenge on Chen Shixian
Yes I need you
Help my sister
We sisters join forces
No matter what the cost
Must move to Chen Shixian
You two sisters are both drug addicts
But what can you do?
I am still the president of the Lin Group
And you are nothing
Chen Shixian, you are so naive
Do you think I will send you money for nothing?
What do you mean?
Shure Group's second financing round
It hasn't arrived yet, has it?
But you have signed a large number of orders.
Start production
You shouldn't have any extra assets.
Can you mortgage it?
You and Lin are bankrupt
You are next
You can frame me